DOCSUP-7574: Add slowdown_count and show actual errors_count in the system.clusters table (#23593)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/clusters.md

-   `replica_num` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The replica number in the shard, starting from 1.
-   `host_name` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The host name, as specified in the config.
-   `host_address` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The host IP address obtained from DNS.
-   `port` ([UInt16](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The port to use for connecting to the server.
-   `is_local` ([UInt8](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — Flag that indicates whether the host is local.
-   `user` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The name of the user for connecting to the server.
-   `default_database` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The default database name.
-   `errors_count` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The number of times this host failed to reach replica.
-   `slowdowns_count` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The number of slowdowns that led to changing replica when establishing a connection with hedged requests.

> -   `estimated_recovery_time` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — Seconds left until replica error count is zeroed and it is considered to be back to normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `estimated_recovery_time` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — Seconds remaining until the replica error count is zeroed and it is considered to be back to normal.
```

-   `host_address` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The host IP address obtained from DNS.
-   `port` ([UInt16](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The port to use for connecting to the server.
-   `is_local` ([UInt8](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — Flag that indicates whether the host is local.
-   `user` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The name of the user for connecting to the server.
-   `default_database` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The default database name.
-   `errors_count` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The number of times this host failed to reach replica.
-   `slowdowns_count` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — The number of slowdowns that led to changing replica when establishing a connection with hedged requests.
-   `estimated_recovery_time` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — Seconds remaining until the replica error count is zeroed and it is considered to be back to normal.

!!! note "Note"

>     Please note that `errors_count` is updated once per query to the cluster, but `estimated_recovery_time` is recalculated on-demand. So there could be a case of non-zero `errors_count` and zero `estimated_recovery_time`, that next query will zero `errors_count` and try to use replica as if it has no errors.

Reviewer 2: Now this `Note` is irrelevant since we update `errors_count` on-demand now.
